1. Always Max Quality - A person reached out to me saying that I should add a toggle on the max quality. So they can turn it on, buy something then turn it off again and go on about their day. And also keep in mind the integration of Item Bags and shit.
2. Bountiful Foraging - According to one comment it makes some vanilla spawnables completely disappear from the game because of the so called priority system. Great example for this is the sea urchins and coral missing from the beach which I personally noticed. Also the digging spots! They if not almost disappeared from the game because of this mod. Not only that! The custom spawnables of other mods. We need to take this on account as well. They probably work but they just probably became so rare or completely not spawning because of being outnumbered.
3. Helpful Pets - I'm going to steal and improve the existing one that being Useful and Active Pets. i8n translation suggestion. If the pet found nothing to do make it return to idle. Next the pet when foraging looks awkward like it rushes to the foragables then immedietaly dashes towards the player, how about attempting to walk slowly (not literally slow but fast but not too fast like just faster than normal walk / depend it on the distance basically do it in adaptive speed scaling depending on the distance of the forageable.). The problem here is even if the cat ain't stuck the super speed activates. Similarly it does the same to the forageable. Like after spotting a forageable the cat/pet is super fast that it looks like a straight line and bouncing to forageable to change trajectory to the player. Imagine a letter V the top of the left line is the cat position. The end point at the bottom is the forageable and the top of the right line is the player. That's how fast the cat/pet move. Instead of not confusing the adaptive speed to super speed that gets out of stuck. Also in follow mode the cat literally don't need to follow the player make it more lenient do some things, focus on foraging or idle around it's its choice to follow the player despite the following. There's also this annoying way of accidentally talking to the pet. It's unlike how the npcs or items where when you hold e, you dont accidentally talk to them. Instead it happens. like the pet dialogue has some priority or some shit. Lastly the pet should find a lot of items like not a lot in quantity terms but wide range of possible items that pets can find. And they should scavenge items despite if their following or not, working or idle. As long as the player sleeps. It'll be there.
4. Fix Museum Inventory - this one is still unconfirmed but I know someone will definitely write a bug encounter. This one is about recreating the Museum Inventory from scratch after all.
5. 